Giacomo Vanni
Software Developer

Milan
+39 3935667302

Passionate and motivated software developer based in Milan with 4 years of professional experience developing with C# and Unity on Android, iOS, Microsoft Hololens2, HTC Vive and Oculust quest 2

I am interested in all kinds of technologies, in particular everything regarding Shaders, Videogames, AR/VR/XR, and AI.

I think the best part of our job is to find a new problem to solve and nothing gratifies me more than doing it.


PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , Milan, 
  Date of birth: 22/11/1993 Pontedera (Pisa)
  Nationality: Italian
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: Videogames, Card games, Tennis, Skiing, Cooking

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Portfolio with all of my projects: https://giacomovanni.github.io/

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Italian
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ C#
  ★★★★★ Unity
  ★★★★★ Git
  ★★★★★ AR/VR
  ★★★★☆ Shader (CG - HLSL)
  ★★★☆☆ C++
  ★★★★★ OOP
  ★★★☆☆ HTML-CSS
  ★★★★★ Working with Designers/Artists

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2022 – Present
    Software Developer (Unity -VR) at Hegias AG, Lugano
      I am working on an automated and browser-based content management system (CMS) solution for visualizing and communicating with virtual reality (VR) for the construction and real estate industry.

Focus on:  VR, Shaders, Oculus Quest 2, HTC Vive, C#, Unity, Database, API, Webservices, Code Design, Code architecture

  * September 2021 – September 2022
    Software Developer at OverIT - Field Service Management, Milano
      
I have worked on AR technlogies with Microsoft Holens 2 for the SPACE1 division to develop new solutions for the Field Service Menagement and the Augmented Collaboration.

During my period working as a Software developer at OverIT I was able to focus on:

C#, Unity, Microsoft Hololens 2,  VR technologies, Database, Online Server, API, Webservices, In-Depth Code optimization, Code Design

  * March 2020 – September 2021
    Software Developer (C# - Unity) at UpSurgeOn Srl, Milano
      UpSurgeOn develops an advanced sequence of virtual and physical technologies designed to support mental and manual training for young neurosurgeons. The goal of the company is to solve the problem of practice in neurosurgery which is a global healthcare emergency.

During my period working as a Software developer at UpSurgeOn I was able to focus on:

C#, Unity, Online Stores Management, ARCore - ARKit, Shaders, UI, In-Depth Code optimization, Services (Savings, In-App Purchase, News), Database, Online Server API, Camera Behaviours.

  * October 2019 – March 2020
    Professor of "Shader Basics" at TheSign Comics & Arts Academy, Florence
      TheSign Comics &amp; Arts Academy is a private university that offers courses on all kinds of subjects related to game development.

After my graduation, the academy offered me a six months job as a professor to teach new programmers my thesis' topics. It was a very incredible experience that helped me to become more aware of my knowledge.


EDUCATION
  * September 2016 – September 2019
    Event Horizon School / TheSign Comics & Arts Academy , Florence Game Programmer

    Final thesis: Shader (CG-HLSL).
Three-year course with focus on:

C#, C++, Unity, Teamwork, Working with artists and designers, working with other developers, multiplatform.
  * September 2014 – November 2016
    University of Pisa,  Computer Engineering

    Although I didn’t complete the course, I spent two years attending classes and exams.
I learned the principles of Programming, OOP, and attended courses of Algorithm and Data Structures, Operating System, Math and Physic

INTERNSHIPS
  * May 2016 – September 2016
    Unity Developer (Microsoft HoloLens) at Balzo Srl, Florence

    After I've finished my first year at the academy, one of my professors offered me an internship at his company.

For four months I've worked hand to hand with senior developers using Microsoft HoloLens.

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
  * January 2012 – January 2019
    Receptionist at Dimora Antico Borgo, Terricciola

    To pay for my studies I've joined the family business handling social media and welcoming customers for our B&amp;B/apartment service in Tuscany. There I learned how to work and relate with people.

COURSES
  * January 2018 – January 2019
    Shader Development using Unity, https://shaderdev.com/p/shader-development-using-unity-5


